MT4 Volume profile based on ticks

I require an MT4 indicator to be built that would work similar to a Volume/Market profile but
based on the ticks of Bid prices and Ask prices. I need the profile to be continuous, and not set
on time periods. By this I mean that I can choose a specific number of bars, and then the
indicator will show a profile for that specified number of bars. If I set it to 50 bars, and I open up
the 1 minute chart on EURUSD, the tick profile will be shown up until the last 50th bar. When the
new bar comes in, the last bars data gets deleted from the profile and the new bars data will be
added to the profile.

But to begin with, I need an API to gather all the tick data from the major currencies and store it
on a server that can be accessed directly by the indicator. This is so I don’t need to wait for the
MT4 indicator to start up and gather the new ticks in order to build the tick profile. It would
already have the ticks ready to show the profile.
Furthermore, from the server, I need all the currencies to be separated individually and have their
bid prices or ask prices, while taking into account the spread, added up in order to show its true
value. For example, EURUSD, EURGBP, EURJPY, will all gather the tick data of the EUR as
positive for every buy tick, and for the inverted pair, it will be negative for every buy tick. Then all
the ticks from the different charts will be added together and have a feed shown for EUR,
another feed for USD, GBP, etc. The spread that’s being taken into account works like this:
If the Ask price moves up by 1 tick but the Bid price did not move, then this is +1 tick (ask price
moved and spread increased).
If the Bid price moves down by 1 tick but the Ask price did not move, then this is -1 tick.
If the Bid price moves up by 1 tick but the Ask price did not move, then this is +1 tick.
If the Ask price moves down by 1 tick but the Bid price did not move, then this is -1 tick.
If this something you can do, I will describe a more concrete example to clarify my requirements.
EURUSD ask price moves up 1 tick and bid didn’t move, then this is +1 for EUR and -1 for USD.
So for EURUSD each Ask move and Bid move up is +1 for EUR and -1 for USD.
Each Ask move and Bid move down is -1 for EUR and +1 for USD.
Ask moves will only be calculated if Bid doesnt move and vice versa for Bid moves (if the spread
increases or decreases).
The system should gather all the tick values for each pair and then separate each currency and
show it’s true value by adding all the other ask/bid movements together.
So all Euro pairs will have a section for the Euro and all the bid movements from each pair and all
the ask movements from each pair are added together to show where it’s current value is at. The
same should be done for USD, GBP, JPY, etc.
So when I open EURUSD, in regards to the strength of the Euro and USD separately, regardless
of where the price is at right now, the tick profile will start generating either a green profile or a
red profile.
Say all Euro pairs show that Euro is +53 and USD is +33. Since it’s Euro vs USD, the profile will be
green if Euro is stronger than USD (+20). USD is will be negative 33 because it’s inverted against
the EUR, so it’s 53-33 which is 20.
But since price moves up and down on the charts, then Euro strength and USD strength will leave
its footprint as the price of EURUSD moves up/down.
Regardless if EURUSD is moving or not, the profile will be generated.
If EURUSD is not moving and USD is getting stronger on other pairs and EUR is getting weaker in
other pairs, the profile will start generating a red profile extending to the right. If price moves up
a point, then the value from the other pairs will leave it’s footprint of EURUSD on the next point.
If the profile is green but EURUSD is getting weaker, instead of generating a separate red profile
on top, the green profile will shrink. If it gets to 0 and continues going in the negative, then the
profile will extend as a red profile.
An example would be like this, if we use EURUSD, EURGBP, and GBPUSD
EURUSD: Ask price moves up 1 tick and bid price remains still: this is +1 for EUR and -1 for USD
EURGBP: Bid price moves down 1 tick and ask price remains still: this is -1 for EUR and +1 for
GBP
GBPUSD: Bid prices moves up 2 ticks and ask price remains still: this +2 for GBP and -2 for USD.
So altogether:
EUR is at 0 (+1 and -1)
USD is at -3 (-1 and -3)
GBP is at +3 (+1 and +2)
This all happened at the same time. So now if I open up GBPUSD, the tick profile that’s shown
has the data of all GBP pairs and all USD pairs (in this scenario it’s only 3 different pairs that we
have the data of). GBP is at +3 and USD is at -3. But because USD is the 2nd currency in this
have the data of). GBP is at +3 and USD is at -3. But because USD is the 2nd currency in this
pair, it means that the value from USD is inverted, there it would be +3. Total it would be +6.
If GBP was +3 and USD was +2, then GBP/USD would be: +3 and -2, so total it would be +1.
If the pair was USD/GBP and the values were +2 for USD and +3 for GBP, then it would be shown
as +2 USD and -3 GBP, total -1.
The server should already have a profile ready to be uploaded for each chart so that we do not
need to wait for the price to move for the profile to be generated.
So say it counts the ticks for EUR and resets the count each minute (just so it’s not counting
endlessly)
It also has the ticks counted for USD and GBP and JPY and AUD etc.
It then has the price of EURUSD and has already generated the profile of EURUSD for the
previous 24 hours (or 4 hours or 1 week, whatever we decide for it to keep track of). And as each
minute comes, it deletes the data of the last 1,440th minute and replaces the front with the new
data
Then we open EURUSD and say we open the 1minute charts and choose the indicator to only
show us the profile of the previous 25 bars, it’ll take the data that’s continuously been generating
in the server and displays the profile of the previous 25 bars.
